# Dominik Schlechtweg

I'm a PhD student working together with [Sabine Schulte im Walde](https://www.ims.uni-stuttgart.de/en/institute/team/Schulte-im-Walde-00001/) on Distributional Models of Semantic Change.

### Publications

- Dominik Schlechtweg, Barbara McGillivray, Simon Hengchen, Haim Dubossarsky, Nina Tahmasebi. 2020. **SemEval-2020 Task 1: Unsupervised Lexical Semantic Change Detection**. Proceedings of the 14th International Workshop on Semantic Evaluation.    [[bib]](publications/bib/schlechtweg-etal-2020-semeval.bib)
- Jens Kaiser, Dominik Schlechtweg, Sean Papay, Sabine Schulte im Walde. 2020. **IMS at SemEval-2020 Task 1: How low can you go? Dimensionality in Lexical Semantic Change Detection**. Proceedings of the 14th International Workshop on Semantic Evaluation.  [[pdf]](https://arxiv.org/abs/2008.03164)   [[bib]](publications/bib/kaiser-etal-2020-IMS.bib)
- Adnan Ahmad, Kiflom Desta, Fabian Lang, Dominik Schlechtweg. 2020. **Shared Task: Lexical Semantic Change Detection in German**. CoRR.    [[bib]](publications/bib/AhmadEtal2020.bib)
- Anna Hätty, Dominik Schlechtweg, Michael Dorna, Sabine Schulte. 2020. **Predicting Degrees of Technicality in Automatic Terminology Extraction**. Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.    [[bib]](publications/bib/haetty-etal-2020-technicality.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg, Sabine Schulte im Walde. 2020. **Simulating Lexical Semantic Change from Sense-Annotated Data**. The Evolution of Language: Proceedings of the 13th International Conference (EvoLang13).  [[pdf]](http://brussels.evolang.org/proceedings/paper.html?nr=9)   [[bib]](publications/bib/schlechtweg-walde-2020.bib)
- Haim Dubossarsky, Simon Hengchen, Nina Tahmasebi, Dominik Schlechtweg. 2019. **Time-Out: Temporal Referencing for Robust Modeling of Lexical Semantic Change**. Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, 457-470.    [[bib]](publications/bib/Dubossarskyetal19.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg, Cennet Oguz, Sabine Schulte im Walde. 2019. **Second-order Co-occurrence Sensitivity of Skip-Gram with Negative Sampling**. Proceedings of the 2019 ACL Workshop BlackboxNLP: Analyzing and Interpreting Neural Networks for NLP, 24-30.   [[poster]](publications/190729-poster-socssgns.pdf)  [[bib]](publications/bib/Schlechtwegetal19SecondOrder.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg, Anna Hätty, Marco del Tredici, Sabine Schulte im Walde. 2019. **A Wind of Change: Detecting and Evaluating Lexical Semantic Change across Times and Domains**. Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, 732-746.    [[bib]](publications/bib/Schlechtwegetal19.bib)
- Anna Hätty, Dominik Schlechtweg, Sabine Schulte. 2019. **SURel: A Gold Standard for Incorporating Meaning Shifts into Term Extraction**. Proceedings of the 8th Joint Conference on Lexical and Computational Semantics, 1-8.    [[bib]](publications/bib/haettySurel-2019.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg, Sabine Schulte im Walde, Stefanie Eckmann. 2018. **Diachronic Usage Relatedness (DURel): A Framework for the Annotation of Lexical Semantic Change**. Proceedings of the 2018 Conference of the North American Chapter  of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies, 169-174.    [[bib]](publications/bib/Schlechtwegetal18.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg, Sabine Schulte im Walde. 2018. **Distribution-based prediction of the degree of grammaticalization for German prepositions**. The Evolution of Language: Proceedings of the 12th International Conference (EVOLANGXII).    [[bib]](publications/bib/SchlechtwegWalde18.bib)
- Vered Shwartz, Enrico Santus, Dominik Schlechtweg. 2017. **Hypernyms under Siege: Linguistically-motivated Artillery for Hypernymy Detection**. Proceedings of the 15th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics, Valencia, Spain, 65-75.    [[bib]](publications/bib/SantusSS17.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg, Stefanie Eckmann, Enrico Santus, Sabine Schulte im Walde, Daniel Hole. 2017. **German in Flux: Detecting Metaphoric Change via Word Entropy**. Proceedings of the 21st Conference on Computational Natural Language Learning, 354-367.    [[bib]](publications/bib/schlechtweg-EtAl-2017-CoNLL.bib)
- Dominik Schlechtweg. 2016. **Exploitation of Co-reference in Distributional Semantics**. Proceedings of the Tenth International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC 2016).    [[bib]](publications/bib/schlechtweg16.bib)
